SIMD-0458: Stop using static SimpleVote transaction cost (#458)
solana-foundation/solana-improvement-documents: proposals/0458-stop-using-static-simplevote-transaction-cost.md

change affects consensus behavior, it must be gated behind a feature flag.

## Motivation

Simple Vote transactions currently reserve a fixed, statically defined number of
compute units for cost tracking, based on the assumption that the Vote program,
as a builtin program, has a static execution CU cost. However, SIMD-0387
specifies that the Vote program will be removed from builtin cost modeling. As a
result, the cost of Simple Vote transactions should no longer rely on static CU
assumptions and should instead be calculated in the same manner as other
transactions.

## New Terminology

N/A

## Detailed Design

- Stop using statically defined CU values for Simple Vote transactions.
- Calculate the cost of Simple Vote transactions using the same cost model and
  accounting path as normal transactions.

## Alternatives Considered

N/A

## Impact

The impact on cost consuming/tracking, and CU reserving for simple vote can be
summarized in table:

| |Total consumed CUs	| Total reserved CUs|
|:--|:--|:--|
|Current	|3428	|3428|
|Proposed	|3428* |19812**	|

- Cost tracking:
  The impact is expected to be minimal, as the actual executed CU consumption of

> Simple Vote transactions is close to the previously statically defined value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple Vote transactions is identical to the previously statically defined value for the vast majority of votes.  CU consumption will only change for unusual vote transactions that still classify as simple votes (e.g. two signatures, or additional writable accounts), or unusually large vote accounts.
```
